[tender music playing]
[Liz] Before I start running...
I need to rest.
Even if it's just for one night.
-You know how this ends.
-I can't find my sock.
-We're gonna try and stop you.
-It's purple with little unicorns on it.
Agnes thinks unicorns are good luck.
Unicorn socks
to protect against Reddington?
You got any better ideas?
Yeah. Don't go after him.
[dramatic music playing]
Thanks for letting me stay.
[phone beeps, then line rings]
I'm texting you an address.
Meet me there as soon as you can.
A few years ago, I found out
my husband was living a double life.
Whoa.
Yeah.
He had secrets, lots of them,
including this apartment.
I thought maybe we could find something
here that could help you out a little bit.
-Me?
-Yeah.
It's not much,
but it'll get you out of the city.
Go on, take it. I've already gotten you
into enough trouble.
You do know
we are gonna need more than that.
We're gonna need more of everything:
money, weapons, people.
-You have anybody in mind?
-I have a list. First, I--
We call everyone on it.
And then we get my daughter.
We've been made.
Elizabeth Keen...
will you marry me?
[Esi] Liz, we gotta go now.
[suspenseful music playing]
Clear.
[engine starts]
We're too late.
[dramatic music playing]
I spoke with Reddington. He says Keen just
left a Kalorama address in a Ford Bronco.
I want a BOLO on the car, not on Keen.
-And when the cops find her in it?
-We'll protect her.
Did she protect you
when Reddington was in the hospital?
She planted a bomb that nearly killed you.
So it's okay to protect an actual killer
like Reddington but not one of our own?
What Keen almost did once
is nothing compared to what
Reddington does on a daily basis.
And yet he put her name on the Blacklist.
[Cooper] Reddington wants
her found, not hurt.
But given her desire to hurt him, I don't
know if she'll leave him any choice.
-Which is why we have to find her first.
-I'll put out the BOLO.
Before you do, I want to say one thing.
As fond as we are of Agent Keen,
I believe she's equally fond of us.
Given that, it wouldn't surprise me
if she were to reach out,
solicit our help to find Reddington.
If and when she does that,
I know how tempting
it will be to give her help.
But that would be a mistake.
It would make matters worse, not better.
So if she does call or show up
on your doorstep, I need to know.
Park, get on the BOLO.
Aram, Ressler, put eyes on Agnes.
We may not know where Keen is,
but she's in the city.
She's not gonna leave it
without her daughter.
[indistinct chatter]
Liz, hi! What are you doing here?
I don't have much time, Tadashi,
so I'll get to the point.
I want you to come and work for me.
Thanks, but I already have a job.
It's got a great health plan.
As long as I do it well,
Reddington won't kill me.
Reddington is dying.
He'll deny it, but it's true.
When he's gone, I'll be in a position
to give you all the work you'll need
because I'm getting everything.
Call Marvin Gerard.
He'll confirm it. One more thing.
These are all of Reddington's associates
that I'm aware of.
I need their phone numbers.
-I'm sorry, but I don't have them.
-I know, but you can hack them.
She said you were sick.
Like pushing-daisies sick.
Aspirants are all the same.
A little bit desperate, irrational,
always impatient.
They never wait for the body to cool.
I told her I was with you, hot or cold,
but since you mention it,
are you, you know, cooling?
Like a lion in winter,
I am both diminished and dangerous,
as anyone who offers
to help Elizabeth will quickly find out.
Exactly how would you define "help"?
Because... she had this list.
-I know it's a shock, but it's true.
-Raymond is a traitor?
A Russian spy codenamed N-13.
He's been playing us for years.
-[call waiting beeps]
-One sec. Sorry.
[phone beeping]
-Hello?
-Ruddiger, have you spoken with Elizabeth?
I'm on with her right now. She says
you're a traitor. Not sure which country.
Ruddiger, please,
I'm loyal to principle, not country.
And the first principle
I'm loyal to is loyalty.
Do I have yours?
[Heddie] Now, hold on. Back up.
Say that again for me.
-He cut a deal.
-A deal? What? A deal with whom?
With the FBI.
Are you telling me
that son of a bitch is a snitch?
[Liz] Yup, which is why I want you
to work for me.
I'll tell you who I won't work for,
and it's that turncoat,
that quisling, that--
[call waiting beeping]
Hold that thought.
-Someone's ears were burning.
-You've spoken with Elizabeth.
-Pardon my French but what a yenta.
-[Liz] I can hear you both.
-Spreading rumors, are we?
-Telling truths.
[groans] I think I hit "conference"
instead of "call waiting."
-Who's next on your list?
-Wouldn't you like to know?
He's the past, Morgan. I'm the future.
That's right, Tony, he works for Moscow.
Sure, Glen, I'll hold.
No, no, no, Chuck, before you take
the other call, just hear me out. Chuck?
I got a message
from our friend in the East.
He wants to meet.
He won't be easily appeased.
Put him off for the moment.
I'm fighting a war on one front.
I'm not sure
I have the strength to fight it on two.
You're saying
you wouldn't tell Mr. Cooper.
I'm saying it depends.
Depends on what?
I'm just saying,
if she did reach out to you,
if you actually saw her,
you might think differently.
-Did she reach out to you?
-No.
But if she did, I'm just saying.
It might make a difference.
[knocking on door]
Can I help you?
Mrs. Marks, we're with the FBI.
We work with Elizabeth Keen.
Is everything all right?
You're looking after her daughter.
Has she arranged a time to pick her up?
[foreboding music playing]
In the old days, drug cocktails
were decidedly more appealing.
I spoke to our friend in the East.
Ah, thank you. That's a relief.
He expects you in Moscow
the day after tomorrow.
And it gets worse.
Worse than Moscow at this time of year?
At any time of year?
[groans]
Ah. Well, looks like the second front
has officially engaged.
[dramatic music playing]
-[Esi] No one said yes?
-[Liz] Not even an "I'll think about it."
-Is there anyone else?
-There is one other person.
And he's worth more
than everyone on this list combined.
If I could get him,
we'd have a fighting chance.
-Who's that?
-Marvin Gerard, Reddington's lawyer.
He may not know
where all the bodies are buried,
but I think he knows
where the money is kept.
You gotta assume
Reddington's already contacted him.
Which is why I need
to talk to him in person.
I need you to follow him and tell me
when he's somewhere safe to talk.
Meanwhile, I'm gonna make
arrangements to pick up Agnes.
I can't believe
they pledged their lives, fortunes,
and not-so-sacred honor
to a traitorous sociopath.
Are they all really that scared?
It's fear.
Take this burner. It's clean.
Call me when you find a safe location.
About Agnes, be careful.
You know they're gonna be watching her.
Yeah.
[Cooper] We found the Bronco
abandoned in a parking garage.
Have you gone outside
the task force for help?
-We can clean up our own mess.
-Evidence would suggest otherwise.
Broadcasting her fugitive status
would ruin any chance
Elizabeth has of putting
this genie back in a bottle.
Is she the genie
or am I the genie? I'm confused.
You know what I find confusing? The tape
Elizabeth played me of you and Katarina,
where she accuses you of being a spy.
By all means, let's take what
Brunhilda says on that tape as gospel.
N-13. What does that mean to you?
It means you need
to get your priorities straight.
You picked up the telephone
and now we're talking.
When was the last time
you talked with Agent Keen?
Elizabeth Keen is your target, not me.
There he is.
I'm not an errand boy.
I won't be ordered about.
Our friend has concerns about Keen.
Elizabeth Keen is not to be touched.
I accept our friend's concern,
nothing more.
You're familiar with Scuti Global?
Of course.
It's become quite the profit center.
Which it will continue to be
as long as I have their trust.
And you're a little concerned
that trust may be broken
now that your name has surfaced
as part of this House Intelligence
Committee investigation?
Before you go to Moscow,
we'd like you to make this go away.
I see. So I came here
to be interrogated and solicited.
I'd like to think you came here
to do the right thing.
[piano playing classical music]
All right. So go and change.
And I'll be right in.
Is this really necessary?
You said Liz didn't tell you
when she was gonna pick up Agnes,
so we have to assume
she could pick her up anytime.
So you're just gonna follow us
everywhere we go?
We don't want to frighten Agnes,
but we have to find Liz.
-So you can take her from her daughter.
-That's the last thing we want.
Then promise me you won't.
Hey, girl, need any help?
-What are you doing here?
-Admiring my beautiful girl.
-There are agents in the lobby.
-[Agnes] I already told her.
How about you go to class and
I'll tell Merritt about our plan, okay?
Okay, Mommy.
-See you tonight?
-Yes, you will. I can't wait.
-Your plan? What plan?
-[phone chimes]
You're working the night shift
at the hospital, right?
-Liz, the FBI is following me.
-Not anymore.
Not if you do exactly as I say.
Now, listen carefully.
[Marvin] Even if Reddington liked you,
which I suspect he doesn't,
and even if he trusted you,
which I am positive he doesn't...
he wouldn't hesitate to kill you
if you showed him this.
I thought you wanted me
to organize the accounts.
I did. But digitally?
He insists on analog accounting.
A book, a ledger, something offline.
[Liz] Marvin.
The answer is no.
-Hi, I'm Liz.
-Skip.
I know who you are.
You're sort of a legend around the office.
I know who you approached.
Brimley, Heddie, Ruddiger,
Morgan and Chuck.
I also know that they all turned you down.
They turned me down
because they don't know the truth. You do.
You know he's sick.
You know that when he's gone, I'll be
in power because you wrote the will.
That's right.
You wait, you get everything.
-So wait.
-I can't.
Why? Because he killed your mother?
You're declaring war
to defend the honor of a woman
who abandoned you as a child
and murdered your grandfather.
If you help me...
you write your own ticket.
We'll be partners, fifty-fifty.
I could make you ridiculously rich.
Red's my friend.
Sure, if you can help him out.
But if you can't, you're out.
He's not loyal. He's transactional.
You really think
if he were sitting where you are now,
knowing that the balance of power
was shifting in my direction,
he would really choose you over me?
Maybe you should think about it.
Law review at Yale.
-Moron.
-He seems pretty smart to me.
All right. I'll think about it.
[mellow music playing]
[woman gasps]
-Who are you? What are you doing here?
-Getting you ready for the big move.
I'm calling the police!
To say what? A group of strangers made
all your dreams come true?
-Is this making the move?
-Heaven forbid.
-Tadashi, say hello to Guinevere.
-Hi.
Personally, I like a good cherub.
Taste aside, Tadashi will make the task
ahead of you quick and easy.
The task? What task?
Erasing certain information
from the computer server
of the House Committee on Intelligence.
Tadashi has the skill set.
And as counsel, you have the access.
As I said, quick and easy.
What makes you think
I would do something like that?
Danielle Steel. You have 16 hardcovers.
No one has that many romance novels
and wants to live alone in Cleveland Park.
-And if I say no?
-Keep up, Gwen.
Tomorrow, you'll go to work as usual,
except that when you're alone
and the moment provides,
you'll contact Tadashi, who will walk you
through the steps of inserting
the thumb drive into the server,
which will contaminate
and eliminate the data on said server.
Absolutely not. I would be fired.
I would go to prison for treason.
Not if it was a mistake.
The kit's designed
to mimic liquid contamination,
a leak in the gasket around the head
and corrosion on the platter surface.
You'll spill a cup of coffee
to cover our tracks.
-And I'd be fired.
-Yes.
Walking out of your old life
and into your better life.
Go on, have a look. I guarantee it's
a plot twist worthy of Passion's Promise.
What is it?
A home on a beach, money in the bank,
a happy ending to your story,
if you're smart enough to take it.
Please leave.
Guinevere, Tadashi tells me
you're something of a scofflaw.
He says you haven't paid
all your taxes. Some but not all.
-Not even close to all, in... what?
-Four years federal, three state.
My mother is sick.
She doesn't have insurance.
Listen, don't get me wrong.
I couldn't be more understanding
and supportive of a righteous tax dodger.
Or not righteous, for that matter,
but I doubt
the FBI will share my sympathies,
which is why I suggest
you carry out the task ahead.
What do you say?
Comedy or tragedy?
How this story ends is entirely up to you.
[suspenseful music playing]
[tires screech]
Liz! Liz, I'm sorry. Liz, it's over.
-Who are you? Where's Keen?
-I don't know. I swear.
A woman, she paid me to wear this hat
and approach the car.
It's okay.
[Ressler] Fan out.
Scan vehicles, scan faces,
coordinate with hospital security.
Liz isn't here, but her daughter still is.
She's gotta be close by.
[Aram] Hi. Agnes?
My name's Aram.
I don't know if you remember me,
but I have known you since you were born.
I was at your christening.
You couldn't have even been
a few months old.
So if you did remember me, that would be
super cool, or weird probably, but, yeah.
Anyway, what I remember is that you...
[tender music playing]
You were incredibly brave.
Which came as no surprise...
since your mom is just about
the bravest person I've ever known.
[phone dials, then line rings]
-Ressler.
-I need my girl.
And she needs you.
So let me have her.
She's coming to the Post Office with us.
CFSA has already been notified.
She doesn't need social workers.
She needs her mother.
On the run as a fugitive?
Is that what you want for her?
My mom abandoned me
when she was a fugitive.
I'm not gonna make that same mistake.
-[man] Allison?
-[Liz] Yeah.
-[Ressler] Hey.
-Yeah?
Why'd you call?
I don't know. I guess...
Because every time we say goodbye,
I'm afraid we might actually mean it.
[phone beeps]
♪ I won't care
I won't cry ♪
♪ If you're there, I'll get by ♪
♪ I won't care
Long as I hold you tight ♪
♪ And if those skies... ♪
You gonna tell me about it? The washer.
Back at the apartment,
we nearly got caught because of it.
I think you owe me an explanation.
It's my engagement ring.
Tom used to have this boat he was always
tinkering with, you know, repairing.
And one day,
he just pulled this out of his tool box
and got down on one knee
and asked me to marry him.
How sweet.
He was...
much better at this than I am.
He never would have let
Agnes get taken into custody.
You know what you gotta do.
Yeah.
♪ If you're there, I'll get by ♪
I wish he would have gotten to know her.
See the person she's becoming.
Come on. It's time.
♪ Long as I have you ♪
[suspenseful music playing]
Okay.
How long is this gonna take?
-On average, I'd say two hours.
-Two hours?
People will be here by then.
You know the Gutmann
data-sanitizing algorithm? No? Nothing?
Anyway, I used the keylogger to gain
access, tweaked a few lines of code,
and as a result, this baby should be
sanitized right about now.
Do you even know what was
on those files you just erased?
Me? No.
My boss and I are
strictly don't ask, don't tell.
Okay, we're clear.
Pull the thumb drive and cue the coffee.
Hey. Question.
Do you ever have AOC sightings?
That'd be so cool.
[Guinevere] I can't believe
I'm doing this.
Okay, I'm hanging up now. I gotta go.
I'm about to be fired.
What's happening with her daughter?
Elizabeth has walked away from her.
I never thought she would. I was mistaken.
Okay, while the grown-ups figure out
all the boring grown-up stuff,
you and I are going to play
a paper airplane contest.
Sound good?
I suppose.
You suppose?
You suppose? There's no supposing.
The goal is to figure out who can fly
the most paper airplanes
into that garbage can.
You do know how to make
a paper airplane, right?
Okay. That's all right.
I'll make them. You fly them.
Sound good?
Here we go.
Okay. No, it's fine. [speaks indistinctly]
-Okay. Like that.
-[phone chimes]
[Aram speaking indistinctly]
[rings]
-Ressler.
-How is she?
-This text, it's from you.
-Is she okay?
Sure looks like it.
Her and Aram are making
a mess of the office.
I got Marvin Gerard to turn.
So I have the resources I need to get out.
What about Agnes?
You were right.
Being on the run is no place for her.
A mistake your mother made.
I guess I'm more like her
than I care to admit.
So these lists of TV shows and food,
they're what Agnes likes?
And the address is a self-storage unit.
There's a locker there
with her favorite clothes and books.
-She's gonna be okay.
-Promise?
I do. Until you're back,
she's gonna have lots of doting uncles.
-I gotta go.
-No, you don't.
I do. And this time I have to mean it.
[line disconnects]
Oh. I'll be right back.
-What's up?
-Keen called me.
I couldn't run a trace,
but I did record it.
Liz called you?
I don't know from where,
but there was muffled sounds.
-I need you to enhance the audio.
-Okay.
I may not be able to beat a 6-year old
in a paper-plane contest.
Seriously, she's destroying me.
She's like a mini Chuck Yeager.
But I do know that when you say,
"Keen called me,"
what you're really saying is,
"Keen called me again."
-I know what Cooper said.
-He ordered.
But if you saw her,
you'd think differently.
You saw her? When? Where?
Was it at your apartment?
Please. Please tell me
it wasn't at your apartment.
Was it at your apartment?
The audio, enhance it.
-We know where Keen is.
-The Silver Spring train station.
She called about Agnes.
There was noise in the background.
Aram was able to enhance it.
[woman on recording]
Arriving on track one,
the Blue Ridge, en route to Washington.
This is the Silver Spring stop.
I'll inform Montgomery County PD.
You get a TAC team and roll out.
Any fingers crossed, Donald? Toes?
What's got your goat?
It's not a goat. It's a wild goose,
the one I fear you have us chasing.
-What's that supposed to mean?
-You're a good agent.
But I wonder
if maybe you're an even better friend.
You think I'm helping her?
That this is some sort of a trick,
a false lead
to draw us one way
while she goes the other?
-I think it's a possibility.
-[snickers] That's rich coming from you.
The only reason she may get away is
because she turned one of your people.
Marvin Gerard's giving her
all the resources she needs.
-Elizabeth told you that?
-She did. And I believe her.
I believe you do.
That's what worries me.
-[Cooper] Well?
-Well, what?
-Is there anything to it?
-Well, she trusts me.
That's not a problem.
It's why we have a lead.
Has there been other contact?
Well, she called me twice, and, um...
she came to my apartment.
Called it.
We'll talk about this when we get back.
What do you mean, "we"?
This is clearly complicated for all of us.
If this is a chance
to apprehend Elizabeth,
it appears we may need to give
each other the strength to do it.
[woman on PA] Please allow passengers
to exit the train before you board.
["Ruins" playing]
[inaudible dialogue]
♪ Now, baby ♪
♪ I ♪
♪ Bring it down ♪
♪ Down to the ruins ♪
-She's gone.
-You saw the security feeds?
She was here for over an hour
with Esi Jackson.
The train's still here.
Maybe they're on it.
Liz didn't get on.
The feeds show her leaving the station.
-[Ressler] When?
-What time did she call you?
11:33.
-Two minutes later, she walked out.
-Why would she come to a train station
and not get on a train?
-Oh, my God.
-[Park] What?
Thirty seconds.
Halfway to a new world record.
Can she go all the way
without putting a toe on the floor?
[phone ringing]
-Mr. Cooper, did you find her?
-No. The train was a diversion.
From what?
Why would she want you to go there?
-So she could get her daughter.
-Her daughter's here.
Yes, and Agent Keen just swiped
into the Post Office.
Mommy!
[dramatic music playing]
-I'll have to call you back.
-[Liz] Oh, look at you!
Oh, my gosh, you busy bee.
I got all the way across
without touching the floor.
All the way?
A new world record.
We gotta go, honey.
-Can I try it one more time?
-I'm afraid not.
Go get your shoes on, okay? Go on.
I saw you in the parking lot.
The way you talked to her and now this.
-Thank you.
-I didn't do it for you.
I have to take her now.
And you have to let us go.
Who are you?
You know who I am
and why I have to do this.
You forged my signature
to get 16 ounces of Semtex.
You nearly killed
Mr. Reddington and Ressler.
I knew who you were, Liz,
but I don't recognize who you've become.
Say thank you to Aram, honey.
[alarm buzzing]
The security section's been alerted.
We need a two-minute head start
to get out through Level C. Two minutes.
That's all I ask.
Come on, honey. Let's go.
Let's go.
Sure. I said I'd think about
throwing in with her.
And I did, for all of two seconds,
as a courtesy.
-Then I turned her down.
-That's true. I was there. I saw it.
-You saw it?
-Yes, I did.
Did you also see
Marvin buy tickets to Switzerland?
Of course he didn't because I didn't
buy tickets to Switzerland.
My mistake.
You bought tickets to Switzerland
and booked a suite
at the Confort Grand in Zurich.
[dramatic music playing]
[scoffs]
You don't see it.
It's staring you in the face
and you're so puffed up with anger
that you don't see it.
Enlighten me.
My name.
It's on the reservation.
You think I'd throw in with Keen
and make getaway plans using my own name?
That I'd steal from you
without attempting to hide it?
I think you never forgave me
for the three years you spent in prison.
I went to prison
because I was loyal to you.
Yes.
And now that you know my days
are numbered, your loyalty has shifted.
I understand. You're just looking ahead,
playing the long game.
[Marvin] You're the one
who's being played.
Getting you to hurt me is her way
of getting you to hurt yourself.
Except I won't be hurt,
not with the adorable Skip
-stepping up to fill the void.
-What?
Has Marvin been locked out
of the accounts?
As of 20 minutes ago.
-Excellent.
-You're making a mistake.
Let's bring Skip up to speed
and have his biometrics synced for
account access in Nevis and the Caymans.
I'm honored,
but I promise you, he wasn't disloyal.
Yes, well, we'll see about that.
[Brimley] You're in luck.
Yesterday was Benji's spa day.
He's shampooed, rubbed, rested, and ready.
You were right.
It is different.
[tender music playing]
Anything. Contacts, safe houses, she even
mentioned an asset named Mr. French.
Whatever resources of my mother's
you can find, we need them.
You too. Thanks, Esi.
Aram's nice.
Yeah, he is.
The nicest.
Will we ever see him again?
I don't know, honey.
I hope so.
But I just... don't know.
-[goat bleating]
-[Marvin screaming]
To meet our friend as scheduled,
we have to be in the air in an hour.
I'm not leaving without an answer.
Tadashi did his job.
The files have been erased.
Besides you,
Marvin is my oldest colleague.
I want to ask you a question.
When I do, I need you
to give me an honest answer.
Of course.
Did you want Elizabeth
to see you shoot her mother?
Knowing that if she did,
it would send her to a place so dark...
she would never go back to her old life.
-Why would I ever do that?
-Because you live in that dark place.
And she can't take over your empire
without living there too.
You mock the FBI for being conflicted
about arresting someone they love.
But you love her too.
And I'm not sure
you want her arrested either.
I never said I wanted her arrested,
but I do want her found.
You can see what it's done.
You keeping so much from her...
it's hardened her.
Made her worthy of the Blacklist.
What I want to know is
if this was your plan all along.
I... didn't--
I didn't have a plan.
If I could just ask you
to place your hand here.
["One Way Or Another" playing]
The transfer is complete.
Anything else I can do for you,
Mr. Hadley?
-You sure I can afford this?
-I've told you ten times already.
I know. Sorry.
I'm having a hard time believing it.
Thirty-five million. That's how much we
transferred out of Reddington's account.
Thirty-five million.
Yeah. In euros.
That's 41 million in dollars.
So, yeah, this, I think, you can afford.
♪ One way or another ♪
[phone dials, then line rings]
You're wrong about Marvin Gerard.
Elizabeth, for someone looking to go
off the grid, you continue to be chatty.
Swiss Capital.
You had one account. Now you have none.
What does this have to do with Marvin?
All this time, I thought you knew
how to think like a criminal.
Skip Hadley.
My knight in shining armor.
Marvin was my last hope.
When he turned me down,
I thought I was finished.
No money, no support.
It was over.
-Hey.
-But then...
He's in the bathroom, so I only have
a minute, but, uh... I'm in.
♪ One way... ♪
I thought using Marvin's real name
to book the plane tickets and hotel room
might be a red herring
that someone clever would detect.
But I guess I'll have to try it
on someone clever to find out.
As my third-grade teacher
Mr. Threet used to say:
"One swallow doesn't mean spring is here."
Yeah, but 35 million euros
sure feels like spring break.
♪ I'm gonna meet you, gonna meet you ♪
♪ And if the lights are all out ♪
-Oh, my God.
-We're almost there.
Marvin, I am so sorry.
Will you ever forgive me?
-Is he all right?
-Should be fine.
Though Benji did go a touch Hai Karate.
I'm guessing it was his aftershave.
Smells like grapefruit or blood orange.
Is it blood orange?
Go to hell, Raymond.
I think it's blood orange.
There. Okay.
Agent Keen played you both.
She played on your feelings for her
as an agent, a friend, a mother.
She used you.
Yes, she did.
Given that...
you should recuse yourselves
from the case.
We agree, which is why we prepared
our letters of resignation.
The task force has one job now,
to bring Keen in,
and we've proven
that we're not up to that job.
You both agree this is for the best?
-We do.
-As do I.
But if I ask you to leave, then...
if I'm honest, I'd have to as well.
Why? You've done nothing
to compromise this investigation.
No, but I've felt like compromising it.
I've wanted it to be compromised.
Would I have taken Keen into custody
if she'd been at the train station?
Yes, I would have.
Was I relieved that I didn't have to?
You're damn right I was.
Was I angry that she tricked us
into going there
so she could come here
to get her daughter? Absolutely.
Am I glad they've been reunited?
Of course I am.
So...
-What do we do now?
-I'll tell you what we're not gonna do.
Let total strangers go
after one of our own.
I do not look forward
to having Reddington find out
that we let her slip through again.
I spoke to him before you came up.
I doubt he'll do much gloating.
It seems he misjudged Marvin Gerard.
-Keen told me he flipped.
-So you'd tell Reddington.
So he'd empower Gerard's number two,
who turns out to be in her pocket.
When you say "empowered"...?
[Cooper] Reddington gave him
account access,
which he used to transfer
35 million euros to Elizabeth.
♪ I'll walk down the mall
Stand over by the wall ♪
♪ Where I can see it all
Find out who you call ♪
Did they bring you luck?
♪ Stand over by the wall
Where I can... ♪
[Liz] Oh, yeah, they did, honey.
So much.
So Keen used me
to steal Reddington's money.
Feels strangely, uh, therapeutic.
This is all well and good, but seriously,
what if we don't catch her?
What if our concern for her gets
in the way and she succeeds...
and kills Mr. Reddington?
♪ Where I can see it all
Find out who you call ♪
Want to see what else brings me luck?
♪ Will drive by your house ♪
What is that?
Did I ever tell you how your daddy
asked me to marry him?
♪ And I'll see who's around ♪
[foreboding music playing]
[in Russian] Thank you.
[in Russian] You did well.
I did my part.
Our friends at Scuti Global
are quite pleased.
I couldn't be less interested.
Well, perhaps this will interest you.
Fresh from the archive.
[in English] What interests me
is why after nearly 30 years...
you suddenly act as if I work for you.
I don't.
[in English] We know about Keen,
what she's saying.
That you're N-13.
-An allegation no one believes.
-A fact no one knows is true.
We must do whatever we can
to keep it that way.
I flew 15 hours
so I could look you in the eye...
and tell you what I told Rakitin.
Elizabeth Keen is off-limits.
And I asked you to fly here so I could
look you in the eye and tell you I agree.
For now.
[dramatic music playing]